\clearpage
\section*{Network and Scenario Setup}


\subsection{Network Setup}
The chosen network setup is consistent of 5 interconnected busses (see Figure X).The central Bus consists of a conventional generator unit as well as a demand profile over time periods. Towards the upper direction there is a windpark feeding energy from stochastic power generation into Bus 1. To the lower part of our model there is demand at Bus 2 which has a direct connection to the power source (Bus 1). Further down there a two seperate Busses with demand following scenarios as well. The importance here is that these Busses are not directly connected to any power source in our intial model. This results in congestion issues if the aggregated demand at Busses 2,3 and 4 exceeds the line capacity of the connection between Busses 1 and 2.

EXPAND AND EXPLAIN MATHEMATICAL MODELLING OF BASELINE NETWORK

\subsection{Scenarios}
The system operates over four time periods, with three scenarios representing different wind power availability and dynamic demand realizations. Each scenario occurs with equal probability of one-third. Conventional generation available at Bus 1 is subject to constrains regarding maximum generation as well as ramping limits between time periods. Wind generation at Bus 5 is scenario-dependent and can be subject to curtailment, although penalized in our objective function to incentivize the use of renewable energy. Demands follow scenarios in an aggregated manner (see Figure Y) while scenarios of stochastic renewables production can be taken from Figure Z and Z1 respectively.  

\subsubsection{Demand Profile}
For our use case we decided to include stochastic demand in an agggregated manner. While independent scenarios for each Bus may represent a real-world situation more accurately, we concluded that the added model complexity does not add particular value to the solution of the problem. However, we carefully selected the scenario sets to illustrate different versions of congestion issues. 
Figure Y shows the scenario tree for the demand at each bus. While scenario 1 (low demand) does not lead to any congestion issues in the network, scenarios 2 (medium demand) and 3 (high demand) lead to partial and total load shedding at an outer bus.

\subsubsection{Renewables Production}
Production Scenarios were created using 2019 hourly data from \textit{renewables.ninja} for the city of Cologne, Germany. Utilizing K-Means-Clustering, 3 different production scenarios for each wind and photovoltaic production, which is added into our model at later stages, were created. See the Scenarios and Production outputs for each scenario depicted in Figures Z and Z1. 
